README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/assets/icon.png">
    <h1>kindaVim brings Vim moves to macOS Input Fields and UI Elements.</h1>
</div>

![awesome stuff happening in there](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/master/assets/gif.gif "hehe")

---

# The Site

[kindavim.app](https://kindavim.app) for all the fancy stuff.

# Why kindaVim

Brain space and energy are limited.
Why learning six hundred thousand new keyboard shortcuts when you can use Vim moves everywhere.
Also macOS is widely inconsistent like sometimes you can go down and up with ctrl+n/ctrl+p but also sometimes not.
Even in Apple's own apps. So jk FTW.

And also it's fucking cool.

# License

kV only requires a license if you use it in the mornings. Yes, it's lazy.
Without a coffee a month (USD$3.28 excl. tax) it'll work hard for you on any afternoon and night, but will fall asleep at dawn. 🌄️ 

# Current Vim Implementation

## Motions

### kV Accessibility Strategy: text manipulation; accurate.

kV detects automatically which Strategy to use, but sometimes you may wish to enforce the Keyboard Strategy even when the text is Accessible.
You can do so by pressing `fn` while doing a move. This is useful when you're in a text input but want to scroll through the UI (scrollbars) rather than the text/caret, or to move from one input to another in some apps with custom UI.

[To the dedicated page.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/AccessibilityStrategyImplementation.md#accessibility-strategy)

### kV Keyboard Strategy: keyboard remapping; less accurate.

[To the dedicated page.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/KeyboardStrategyImplementation.md#keyboard-strategy)

## Commands

[To the dedicated page.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/CommandsImplementation.md#commands)

# Feedback

* whether you need a missing move, want to report a bug or ask for a feature, just [open an issue](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/issues/new).

# AccessibilityStrategyTestApp

Testing the Vim moves when using the macOS Accessibility requires building an external app. This app, as well as the tests of each move in the context of the Accessibility Strategy, are open source and available here: [AccessibilityStrategyTestApp](https://github.com/godbout/AccessibilityStrategyTestApp)

# Acknowledgments

* [Takayama Fumihiko](https://github.com/tekezo) for [Karabiner-Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org), my first experience of Vim moves on macOS. Great option if you need lots of customizations.
* [David Balatero](https://github.com/dbalatero) for [VimMode.spoon](https://github.com/dbalatero/VimMode.spoon), showing there's a way to make this work. Great option if you're looking for free/open source.
* [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) for [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) and [KeyboardShortcuts](https://github.com/sindresorhus/KeyboardShortcuts), that saved me countless of hours of headaches.
* [Sparkle](https://sparkle-project.org) for the Sofware Updater. this is great shit.
* [Clipy](https://github.com/Clipy) for [Sauce](https://github.com/Clipy/Sauce), a magnificent Swift package to handle Keyboard Layouts headaches.

Commit message:

rename links to see the current implementation

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/assets/icon.png">
    <h1>kindaVim brings Vim moves to macOS Input Fields and UI Elements.</h1>
</div>

![awesome stuff happening in there](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/master/assets/gif.gif "hehe")

---

# The Site

[kindavim.app](https://kindavim.app) for all the fancy stuff.

# Why kindaVim

Brain space and energy are limited.
Why learning six hundred thousand new keyboard shortcuts when you can use Vim moves everywhere.
Also macOS is widely inconsistent like sometimes you can go down and up with ctrl+n/ctrl+p but also sometimes not.
Even in Apple's own apps. So jk FTW.

And also it's fucking cool.

# License

kV only requires a license if you use it in the mornings. Yes, it's lazy.
Without a coffee a month (USD$3.28 excl. tax) it'll work hard for you on any afternoon and night, but will fall asleep at dawn. 🌄️ 

# Current Vim Implementation

## Motions

### kV Accessibility Strategy: text manipulation; accurate.

kV detects automatically which Strategy to use, but sometimes you may wish to enforce the Keyboard Strategy even when the text is Accessible.
You can do so by pressing `fn` while doing a move. This is useful when you're in a text input but want to scroll through the UI (scrollbars) rather than the text/caret, or to move from one input to another in some apps with custom UI.

[See the current implementation.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/AccessibilityStrategyImplementation.md#accessibility-strategy)

### kV Keyboard Strategy: keyboard remapping; less accurate.

[See the current implementation.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/KeyboardStrategyImplementation.md#keyboard-strategy)

## Commands

[See the current implementation.](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/blob/master/CommandsImplementation.md#commands)

# Feedback

* whether you need a missing move, want to report a bug or ask for a feature, just [open an issue](https://github.com/godbout/kindaVim.theapp/issues/new).

# AccessibilityStrategyTestApp

Testing the Vim moves when using the macOS Accessibility requires building an external app. This app, as well as the tests of each move in the context of the Accessibility Strategy, are open source and available here: [AccessibilityStrategyTestApp](https://github.com/godbout/AccessibilityStrategyTestApp)

# Acknowledgments

* [Takayama Fumihiko](https://github.com/tekezo) for [Karabiner-Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org), my first experience of Vim moves on macOS. Great option if you need lots of customizations.
* [David Balatero](https://github.com/dbalatero) for [VimMode.spoon](https://github.com/dbalatero/VimMode.spoon), showing there's a way to make this work. Great option if you're looking for free/open source.
* [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) for [LaunchAtLogin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin) and [KeyboardShortcuts](https://github.com/sindresorhus/KeyboardShortcuts), that saved me countless of hours of headaches.
* [Sparkle](https://sparkle-project.org) for the Sofware Updater. this is great shit.
* [Clipy](https://github.com/Clipy) for [Sauce](https://github.com/Clipy/Sauce), a magnificent Swift package to handle Keyboard Layouts headaches.
